Update manage-settings-with-mdm-for-surface-hub.md (#5030)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: devices/surface-hub/manage-settings-with-mdm-for-surface-hub.md

Surface Hub now supports the ability to automatically enroll in Intune by joining the device to Azure Active Directory. 

> First step is to setup Automatic MDM enrollment, see [Enable Windows 10 automatic enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/windows-enroll#enable-windows-10-automatic-enrollment).

Reviewer: (minor grammar improvement)
```suggestion
First step is to set up Automatic MDM enrollment, see [Enable Windows 10 automatic enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/windows-enroll#enable-windows-10-automatic-enrollment).
```

Reviewer 2: fixed

> First step is to setup Automatic MDM enrollment, see [Enable Windows 10 automatic enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/windows-enroll#enable-windows-10-automatic-enrollment).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
First step is to set up Automatic MDM enrollment. See [Enable Windows 10 automatic enrollment](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/windows-enroll#enable-windows-10-automatic-enrollment) for more details.
```

> Then, when devices are setup during First-run, pick the option to join to Azure Active Directory, see [Set up admins for this device page](https://docs.microsoft.com/surface-hub/first-run-program-surface-hub#set-up-admins-for-this-device-page)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, when devices are set up during First-run, pick the option to join Azure Active Directory. See [Set up admins for this device page](https://docs.microsoft.com/surface-hub/first-run-program-surface-hub#set-up-admins-for-this-device-page) for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: fixed
